Add a search bar to link the original Pages to the searchable Pages (#6826)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: README.md

</div>

> This page is available as an easy-to-read websites. Access them clicking on [![https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/](https://img.shields.io/website?style=flat&logo=www&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=Static%20site&down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books%2F)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/) or [![https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/](https://img.shields.io/website?style=flat&logo=www&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=Dynamic%20search%20site&down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books-search%2F)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/) links. 

Reviewer: Remove trailing spaces

```suggestion
This page is available as an easy-to-read websites. Access them clicking on [![https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/](https://img.shields.io/website?style=flat&logo=www&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=Static%20site&down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books%2F)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/) or [![https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/](https://img.shields.io/website?style=flat&logo=www&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=Dynamic%20search%20site&down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books-search%2F)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/) links.
```

<div align="center">
  <form action="https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search">
    <input type="text" id="fpbSearch" name="search" placeholder="Search Book or Author"/>
    <label for="submit"> </label>
    <input type="submit" id="submit" name="submit" value="Search" />
  </form>

> <div>

Reviewer: Block layer is closed wrong

```suggestion
</div>
```

Then neither of the extra `<div align="left" markdown="1">` are needed :wink:

</div>

> This page is available as an easy-to-read website at [![https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/](https://img.shields.io/website?style=flat&logo=www&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io&down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books%2F)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/). Also try our new dynamic version of the website at [![https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/](https://img.shields.io/website?style=flat&logo=www&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search&down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books-search%2F)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/). 

Reviewer 2: Rendering looks cramped .  Maybe start a new paragraph? (not specific to this PR, but I wonder whether it's obvious to people that the button is a link? Try to word the text so it won't grow stale in a month or two; I think we want to eventually remove or de-emphasize the static site. Also not specific to this PR, but with two versions of the site, maybe we can change the anchor text to "static site" and "Dynamic site"? in stead of an impenetrable url?

Reviewer: Keeping it simple like Eric says...

```suggestion
This page is available as an easy-to-read websites. Access them clicking on [![https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/](https://img.shields.io/website?style=flat&logo=www&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=Static%20site&down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books%2F)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/) or [![https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/](https://img.shields.io/website?style=flat&logo=www&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=Dynamic%20search%20site&down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books-search%2F)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/) links. 
```

Reviewer 3: By writing the links users might not understand, wouldn't it be better to replace them with simple words?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This page is available as an [easy-to-read website](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/). Also try our new [dynamic version of the website](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search/). 
```

Reviewer 4: Also, `dynamic version of the website` is a little vague, I'd include the fact that it has a working search tool.

Reviewer 3: what if we used the official 'free-programming-books-search' github pages instead?

Reviewer: > what if instead we use 'free-programming-books-search' as the (only) official github page?

I prefer both meanwhile parser works well at 99%. At this time search doesn't detect some resources. E.g.: spanish midudev

Reviewer 2: I like @davorpa 's version

Author: I'll commit the version suggested by @davorpa

> <div align="center">

Reviewer 2: does this render?

Reviewer: Due to security reasons, forms usually don't renders on github markdown

>   <form action="https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search">
>     <!-- <label for="search">Search: </label> -->
>     <input type="text" id="fpbSearch" name="search" placeholder="Search Book or Author"/>
>     <label for="submit"> </label>
>     <input type="submit" name="submit" value="Search" />
>   </form>

Reviewer: attribute `for` always goes against target element `id`. Another way to solve without ids is wrapping the `input` into the `label`

```suggestion

  <form action="https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books-search">
    <!-- <label for="fpbSearch">Search: </label> -->
    <input type="text" id="fpbSearch" name="search" placeholder="Search Book or Author"/>
    <label for="submit"> </label>
    <input type="submit" id="submit" name="submit" value="Search" />
  </form>

```

Author: Added the id and removed the commented out label

<div>

> <div align="left" markdown="1">

Reviewer 2: please explain the function of the extra markup.

Reviewer: I also think that doesn't is needed because `left` is the default behaviour

Author: The extra div tags are to ensure the rendered site displays correctly. Without the align attribute the block would become centered. The markdown attribute is also needed or the block is displayed as plaintext markdown.

Reviewer: The problem is on line 20. `<div>` tag enclosing `form` is poor closed 😉. Then neither of other `<div align="left" markdown="1">` are needed

### Programming Playgrounds

> Write, compile and run your code within a browser. Try it out! 
>  

Reviewer: Remove unnecesary trailing whitespaces

```suggestion
Write, compile and run your code within a browser. Try it out!

```

### Programming Playgrounds

> Write, compile and run your code within a browser. Try it out!

Reviewer 2: did you mean to remove this?

Reviewer: I think so too. Restore it according to #6819

Author: This was on accident. Just fixed it.
